Blue Lock
Building 5
Our next opponent is Team W.
Points
Goal
Difference
They have one loss against Team V.
So just like us. if they
lose again. they're done.
But they got the better of
Barou's Team X. who beat us 4-1.
We should consider them stronger than us.
Well. we are Team Z after all.
I wonder what their playstyle is like.
Well. anyway. one thing we do know is
that Team W's key players are these two...
Points
Goal
Difference
Points
Goal
Difference
Team W
BL Ranking
nd
rd
(little bro)
(big bro)
The Wanima brothers.
Episode 6
I'm Sorry
Their forte is their combination play.
When they beat Barou's Team X.
these two scored four goals.
Their distance perception.
their timing for initiating moves.
and their give-and-gos are formidable
weapons even if you know they're coming.
But it requires both of them
to use those weapons.
That's right. So we split them up.
That's the key to defeating Team W.
But why is Iemon in charge of this meeting?
It's usually Kuon's job. right?
Yeah. but Kuon isn't back from his bath yet.
Can't I do it?
Yeah. sure! Our plan for
beating them is becoming clear.
Right. Gagamaru?
H-Hey. that hurt!
Man. he's taking his time in that bath.
Stay away from me.
Maybe he passed out.
Not happenin'!
Welcome back. coach.
Sorry I kept you waiting...
Oh. he's alive.
I was thinking about what to call tomorrow's
operation. and lost track of time.
How's it all going?
We were doing some
analysis on the monitor.
I see.
So you did nearly pass out!
Don't go dying in there.
or we'll be down to ten players. idiot.
Then we'd never win!
In the next match. we'll put into practice
what we learned in the last game.
"Operation: 'Next Up. It's Me' Nine" only
utilized a player's weapon for ten minutes.
so our coordination was low and we wasted
time when that weapon wasn't viable.
So this time...
We'll go with a front three
of compatible weapons.
and rotate the formation
three times at 30-minute intervals.
This new operation lets us all shine like
stars in a three-shift. front three pattern.
We'll call it...
"Operation: Southern All Stars!"
That's so lame. You took that
long to come up with that?
Your taste in names is the worst!
I think it's great. I like that band.
"Erotica Seven" is a good song.
Gagamaru! You get it!
By the way. will I be staying in goal?
What do ya want us to do? We're winning.
Why are you even bringing that up now?
I'm grateful to you.
Kind of.
Isagi... Thanks.
Chigiri. how about you?
Are you okay with staying in defense?
If you have time to worry about others.
use it to think about
how you're going to score.
Oh. sorry...
Okay!
We've researched our opponent.
and we're becoming more like a team.
We're gonna win. Team Z!
Yeah!
That's right. If we lose. we're done.
We will win this!
Building 5
Match 7
You ready. bro?
When do you want the pass?
What kind of pass do you want? Hey. tell me!
Hm? I see!
Aye-aye. sir!
"I want you to pass it to my feet
at this particular moment."
That's what my bro says!
Amen!
"And from there. a one-two!"
That's what my bro says.
What's with these guys?! Someone stop them!
For the first 30 minutes. I'm in defense
as the right-sided center-back.
My task is clear.
First. all of us need to try and stop
those two and their combination play—
What?!
We're not stopping them at all!
We watched the footage
and made plans. but...
"Our weapon is our eye contact."
"It's not something a makeshift
defense can see through!"
That's what my bro thinks deep down.
Here they come. Chigiri!
We'll stop them!
"Chigiri"?
You mean. that Chigiri?
The genius made of glass?
Hey. bro! Can you believe
he's still playing soccer?
He must be clinging to past glories!
Uh-huh. so true!
"If I may say this. as his former teammate..."
"Your time as a player is over."
That's what my bro says.
Are you sure that's wise?
If you run. your glass leg will shatter again!
"What the hell. man?!"
"That's a foul. Mr. VAR!"
That's what my bro's yelling!
Yeah. I know it was borderline.
you crazy chattering twins!
But they didn't call it. so it's not a foul!
Nice pass. Isagi!
Don't pay any attention
to what they say. Chigiri.
The past doesn't matter.
To me. you are Chigiri Hyoma of Team Z!
Shut up. do-gooder.
I told you to leave me alone.
I'm not saying it for you.
Unlike you. I don't have any past
achievements I can be proud of.
But I came here because
I didn't want to give up soccer.
I'm here at Blue Lock to change my life.
I might know nothing about
your past or your injury...
But I do know that we are strikers!
Regret. pain. all that stuff...
One shot at goal. and all of it is behind us.
Yeah!
Who cares about your past?
What I want to see is your present.
We didn't come to Blue Lock
to cry and give up. right?
"What the hell?! Defenders.
it's your job to stop them. idiots!"
That's what my bro says.
Sorry!
Okay.
Let's go get 'em!
You ready. bro?
With the two of us combining.
it'll be another easy win.
Wait. bro?
Stop that! Your face is revealing too much.
Hey. bro! They're coming in from the side!
He's not focused at all.
I'll take that.
Didn't I tell you?! Bro. you moron!
Our target man is...
Kuon-chan. huh?
Since jumping is your weapon.
I'm sure you can reach that.
Really? You're taking a shot from there?
Take that!
Kuon. you scored again?!
The goalie couldn't even react!
No fair. You keep getting chances.
I think I'm on fire today!
Kuon...
"Don't get cocky 'cause of a fluky shot!"
No. bro!
You gotta focus!
Stay frosty!
All right! Now it's our turn to play up front.
Kuon can't have all the fun!
We're gonna go all-out.
Foul by Wanima Junichi.
Free kick to Team Z.
A chance for us to score.
Free kick taker:
Bachira
They're in bad shape.
Their marking's weakest...
Ah. there!
Kuon?!
It's that guy...
Yeah! A hat-trick!
45 mins in
Half-time
1st half
I didn't notice him until today.
but he's pretty amazing. isn't he?
Sweet! We're 3-0 up at half-time!
Kuon's weapon exploded!
You're really standing out today!
Man. oh man. oh man!
Things are going so well
for me today. it's scary.
In Honda Keisuke's words.
the ketchup's flowing!
I'll score a hat-trick and make it 6-0!
Coach Kuon's "Operation:
Southern All Stars" is working well.
The name sounds kind of cool now!
I thought it was cool
from the beginning.
Let's stay focused!
Yeah!
Thanks to Kuon's play.
the team's attacking aggressively.
We're getting stronger.
Let's go!
Yeah!
When you're in a place as intense as this.
can you still say you're planning
to give up on soccer. Chigiri?
2nd half begins
We're kickin' off Raichi
time from here on out!
Oh? "Big bro" himself has been
forced to come and stop me?
Raichi! Pass it back for now!
Let's take our time!
Pass it back to me. Kuon.
Stop skimming the cream!
Of course. Our top priority
is winning as a team...
I'm stealing the cream.
Hey! You gave the ball away!
Those two have dropped back
into midfield now?
Then I'll stop them. even if
it means borderline fouling them!
Chigiri!
I'll stop them!
Here.
Damn it.
Those two are too
dangerous to leave free.
We still have a two-goal lead.
Let's not panic. We'll pass it
around and build up steadily.
Yeah. he's right. We're still in the lead.
Isagi-kun.
Huh? He's passing it back to me?
And it's under-hit!
Ah. sorry!
This careless mistake is going to be fatal!
Yay!
What the hell are ya doing. Kuon?!
Did you lose your focus after
scoring your hat-trick?! Huh?!
Calm down. Raichi! No fighting!
I'm sorry. I...
What am I doing in an
important game like this?
Sorry!
Get up. Kuon. You didn't do it on purpose.
Let's press on.
What?
An apology isn't enough!
He's cost us two goals!
We're still in the lead.
so let's just come up with a plan.
Right. Do we want to keep attacking.
or play more defensively?
Come on. Stand up.
I'm sorry...
This is bad. We have got to stop
the next shot from going in.
Or else...
Huh?
Did he just... smile?
Maybe I imagined it.
15 mins in
2nd half
A slender one-goal lead
with 30 minutes left...
We need to go score one more goal!
Yeah. let's go get 'em.
That's the spirit! Right. Isagi?
Yeah!
Well. anyway. if we get the next goal.
we can dominate this game.
Bring it on!
Don't get overwhelmed by their pace!
This is the combination we practiced.
with Isagi as the pivot. and Bachira and I
forming a triangle to slice through them.
If a chance presents itself.
I'm ready to hit a mid-range shot.
But the goal's still too far away.
and there's no path through to it.
If Bachira can use his dribbling
to break up their formation...
Hey. come on now...
My path to Bachira is blocked?
In that case...
Isagi!
Do they know how we're looking to linkup?
Man. you're so annoying!
Shit.
Strange...
However much they studied us.
there's no way they could see
through our combination at first sight.
Our weapons are being killed.
I can't smell a goal!
Nice work. bro!
Damn it!
Something's wrong here.
They must know our plans somehow.
No. there's no way that can be true!
If we lose. we're done!
Where's the benefit in doing that?
A hat-trick!
He's cost us two goals!
Come to think of it. all the goals
in this game have been scored by...
Finish it. bro!
You can do it. Kuon!
Clear it!
He missed it on purpose?
Yeah!
Kuon.
Are you... betraying us?
Bingo!
They figured it out. so might
as well come clean. Kuon-chan.
Your tactics. weapons. and weaknesses...
Literally everything was leaked to us.
You sneaked out during your team meeting
last night to propose this plan. didn't you?
Back then?
And so...
"This game is ours!"
That's what we're saying.
This is a joke. right? Kuon...
Oh. yikes. So it's true.
This is bullshit!
I'll kill you!
What the hell were you thinking. huh?!
I'm just doing my best to survive in Blue Lock.
Yellow card to Raichi Jingo.
Return to your half immediately
and resume the game.
How can I?! I can't play
under these conditions!
Hey...
What's going on?
This is more like the song
"Selfishly Sinbad."
If we lose. we're done!
What's the point of trying
to lose on purpose?
You're the dumb ones.
Only you guys will be going home if we lose.
I will survive here alone.
Thanks. Kuon-chan.
He passed it to the other team?!
From here on out. we're playing 12-on-10.
Are you going to allow this. Ego-san?!
Just shut up and watch.
What? Ego-san!
Now. what will you do. Team Z?
Kuon... But why?
When your last-minute goal won the
last game for us. it got me thinking.
If we're always going to be
walking a tightrope like that.
the chances of this team
surviving this tournament are slim.
According to the chart.
our final opponent is Team V.
the only team with two wins in our group.
Points
Goal Difference
They beat Team Y 8-0.
but we struggled badly against them.
There's no way we can beat them.
So I decided to give up on winning as
a team and focus on moving up alone.
Alone?
Oh. come on now. Have you forgotten?
When this first selection started.
Ego mentioned a special rule.
Even if your team isn't
one of the top two teams.
if you are your team's top scorer.
you get to proceed to the next selection.
So I made a deal.
I promised to give Team W info on us and
let them have the three points for the win.
if they let me score three goals.
That way. I'm the top scorer
on this team and I can advance.
You...
So fighting together up
to now has meant nothing?!
You said we'd win together!
Thank you. Isagi-kun.
I'm glad you're so gullible.
Stop being naïve. This is Blue Lock.
We don't need "bonds" or "teamwork."
What you need is enough ego to win.
Yup. "If you need to betray
people to win. do it."
That's what my ego says.
Great work. Team Z.
Damn it. Damn it! Damn it!
I won't let it end this way!
A
Blue Lock. Additional Time.
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Traitor
Raichi Jingo
We are the best of breakfast!
Team Bread
Isagi
Yoichi
Imamura
Yudai
Chigiri
Hyoma
Igarashi
Gurimu
Ya gotta have bread in the morning!
Nah. man. rice for the win!
Bachira Meguru
Team Rice
Gagamaru
Gin
Kunigami
Rensuke
Naruhaya
Asahi
Iemon
Okuhito
For the Japanese.
home is where the rice is!
No way. man. With bread. you get more variety.
You have rice for lunch and dinner.
so it's obviously bread for breakfast. idiots!
Rice is best for breakfast. Eat bread
and you're hungry again soon after.
Rice and miso soup! Now's the time to
reclaim the traditional Japanese breakfast!
Kuon Wataru
Ah. that was a nice bath.
STAMPEDE
Hm?
Yo. Kuon! You eat bread for breakfast. right?
ROAR
If you're Japanese. it's gotta be rice!
W-Well? What do you say? Tell us now!
ROAR
Please vote for us!
U-Uh...
ROAR
I. uh... like cornflakes with milk the best.
You traitor!
We had a secret cornflaker in our midst!
Convert to the rice religion!
Hex Kuon with the curse of yeast!